DOC add more info about the drop of support for 32-bit Python on Windows (#24761)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.1.rst

Other bug fixes will be available in the next 1.2 release, which will be
released in the coming weeks.

> Note that support for Python 32-bit in Windows is dropped in this release. This
> is due to the fact that latest SciPy also dropped the support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that support for 32-bit Python on Windows has been dropped in this release. This
is due to the fact that SciPy 1.9.2 also dropped the support for that platform. Windows users are advised to install the 64-bit version of Python instead.
```

> is due to the fact that SciPy 1.9.2 also dropped the support for that platform. Windows users are advised to install the 64-bit version of Python instead.

Author: ```suggestion
is due to the fact that SciPy 1.9.2 also dropped the support for that platform.
Windows users are advised to install the 64-bit version of Python instead.
```
